Unity Technologies SF (“Unity”) grants to you a worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, and royalty-free copyright license (the “License”) to use the software created by Unity that accompanies this License (the “Software”), subject to the following terms and conditions:
1. Unity Companion Use. Exercise of the license granted herein is permitted as long as it is in connection with content created using the Unity Engine. No other exercise of the license granted herein is permitted, and in no event may the Software be used for competitive analysis or to develop a competing product or service.
2. No Modification of Engine License. Neither this License nor any exercise of the license granted herein modifies any license you may have to use the Unity Engine.
3. Ownership.
3.1 You own your content. You keep all right, title, and interest in any content or code you create, modify or otherwise develop using the Software.
3.2 Unity owns its content. As between Unity and you, Unity will own all right, title, and interest to all intellectual property rights (including patent, trademark, and copyright) in the Software. You are not granted any ownership rights to the Software itself under this License.
4.   Permitted Use and Restrictions. You may copy the Software for your internal use. However, you may not modify, distribute, sublicense or make the Software available to third parties without Unity’s prior written permission.
5.   Trademarks. You are not granted any right or license under this License to use any trademarks, service marks, trade names, product names, or branding of Unity or its affiliates (“Trademarks”). Descriptive uses of Trademarks are permitted; see, for example, Unity’s Trademark Guidelines at https://unity.com/legal/branding_trademarks.
6.   Notices & Third-Party Rights. As the Software is accompanied by a Unity “third-party notices” or similar file, you acknowledge and agree that software or content identified in that file is governed by those separate license terms.
7.   DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. 
8.   USE IS ACCEPTANCE and License Versions. Your access to and use of the Software constitutes your acceptance of this License and its terms and conditions. This License may be modified or updated; upon any such modification or update, you will comply with the terms of the updated License for any use of any of the Software under the updated License.
9.   Use in Compliance with Law and Termination. Your exercise of the license granted herein will at all times be in compliance with applicable law and will not infringe any proprietary rights (including intellectual property rights); this License will terminate immediately (i) on any breach by you of this License; and (ii) if you commence any form of patent litigation, including a cross-claim or counterclaim, against anyone wherein you allege that the Software constitutes direct or secondary/indirect patent infringement.
10. Severability. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent possible and the other provisions will remain in full force and effect.
11. Governing Law and Venue. This License is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of California, except for its conflict of laws rules; the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply. You and Unity agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California concerning any dispute arising out of this License.